.TH calvin 1 "\*(Dt" "Calvin Compiler" "Compilers Course - Group 1"
.SH NAME
calvin \- Calvin Compiler (version 1.0)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B calvin
.RI "[ " -i " | " -f " | " filename.clv " ]"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B calvin
is a compiler for Calvin, a procedural block-structured
programming language with Pascal-like scoping rules
and a C-like syntax. Calvin source files are compiled into real-mode
single-segment x86 assembly, suitable for conversion into an MS-DOS .COM
executable. This compiler was developed as a project for the Compilers
Course in the ECE department of the NTUA.
.SH OPTIONS
Exactly one command line argument is required. If any of the two options is
used, Calvin source code is read from standard input and the result of the 
compilation is written to standard output. The option used determines the kind of
code produced by the compiler:
.TP
.B "\-i "
Compile Calvin source into intermediate code (Quadruples)
.TP
.B "\-f "
Compile Calvin source into final code (x86 assembly)
.PP
If no options are used, then the Calvin source code in
.I filename.clv
is compiled into intermediate code (stored in 
.I filename.imm\c
) and final x86 assembly code (stored in 
.I filename.asm\c
). With no arguments, a short help message is displayed.

.SH EXECUTING FINAL CODE
The following steps must be taken in order to convert the final code produced
by
.B calvin
into an MS-DOS .COM executable:
.PP
.I filename.asm
must be assembled into an object file using an x86 assembler (eg.
Microsoft\'s MASM)
.PP
The resulting object file must be linked against the Calvin I/O Library
.I calvin.lib
.PP
The .EXE file produced by the linker must be converted to a .COM executable
using 
.B exe2bin
.
.SH BUGS
Although this compiler has undergone many hours of rigorous testing (yeah,
right...) it is possible that it still contains bugs. If you think you have
found a bug in
.B calvin
please send a bug report to
the authors along with the corresponding Calvin source code, so that we can
reproduce and repair the problem.
.SH AUTHORS
Koutsoloukas Eleftherios (left0s@softlab.ntua.gr)
.br
Koukis Evangelos (vkoukis@softlab.ntua.gr)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
gcc(1), flex(1), bison(1).

